Samba: Don't mangle names by default (#2545)
home-assistant/addons: samba/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 10.0.0

BREAKING CHANGE: Don't mangle filenames

> By default Samba mangles filenames with special characters to ensure
> compatibility with really old versions of Windows which have a very limited
> charset for filenames. The addon no longer does this as modern operating
> systems do not have these restrictions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Samba mangles filenames with special characters to ensure
compatibility with really old versions of Windows which have a very limited
charset for filenames. The add-on no longer does this as modern operating
systems do not have these restrictions.
```
